The lack of this understanding is a small but significant part of what
causes anxiety & depression to both feel so incredibly lonely. It's
soooo easy to compare. It's so easy to invalidate ourselves because
of that. 1
so sleepy. good times tonight though 0
Good morning everybody! 0
being pan, having ghey friends, leaning to the leftist side of politics,
being medicated for depression, showin my face without
makeup.......do yall think itll do 1
When you're fine and a bit more productive in school than you're at
home. Why does a burnout and occasional depression get you
before the end of semester? 1
The lady who bought the bracelet pictured as my twitter page
background is still wearing it a week later -- hasn't taken it off. Likes
it 0
is having a well earned rest, with a big bar of cadburys and a big
mug of tea 0
Long weekends are perfect to work on projects 0
@QinniArt This kinda reminds me of when o was suffering from
depression and after I got help I decided to chop off my hair.. there's
a study on people who suffer a dramatic event often chose to get a
dramatic hair change after to recover 1
I'm so excited have a fantastic day 0
Feel so empty.. Worthless.. Failure.. Hopeless.. Unwanted.. A joke..
Fuck up.. Embarrassment.. #depression #borderlinepersonality
#mentalillness #bipolar #anxiety.1
How do I move on when my depression clouds over any enjoyment
I usually feel from my own activities?1
If you had undiagnosed learning disabilities or just don't learn well
in a school envrionments, the systems at play state you don't work
hard enough or you're 'objectively worthless' If you wanna know
why depression is going up, look at schools.1
Long weekend here in Canada! Heading over the border for a little
shopping and a change of scenery. Have a good one, see you
Tuesday! 0
Me after slipping into another depression 1
Yay! Just ordered gurtenfestival-tix!oasis, franz ferdinand and
kings of leon! 0
Omg i just heard that lakers won today. Ah that made my day! 0
Bipolar Depression is something serious. 1
People continuously fall to self related stress, angst, depression
BECAUSE of the LACK of love for themselves. It's easy to hurt for
1
